Added documentation on Merchant Callback QR Api (#84)
vippsas/vipps-qr-api: vipps-qr-api.md

| `Accept` | `image/png` | Returns a URL pointing to a png image with 800x800 size |
| `Accept` | `text/targetUrl` | Returns the target URL of the QR *|

The `qrContent` that points to `https://qr.vipps.no` is a shortened URL
that will be recognized and opened in the Vipps app when scanned from native camera.

> **Please note:** It is possible to create your own QR code with the qrContent if you need to. This will require an approval from Vipps before it is used, so we can validate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note:** It is possible to create your own QR code with the `qrContent`. This will require an approval from Vipps before use, so we can validate
```

In addition to the `DELETE`-endpoint, it is also possible to add a `ttl`-attribute in the original `POST`-request. This attribute sets how many seconds the QR will live, before it is deleted permanently.

Tip: If you want the same QR in different formats, perform `GET` calls on the same `id` with different `accept` headers and test what works best.

## Merchant Callback QR codes

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a "NB - this is not ready in production yet, estimated release is Q2 2023"

Reviewer 3: +1

Merchant callback QRs makes it possible for users to notify merchants that they want to pay with Vipps. It is the right solution for self-checkout, vending machines, or similar situations where there is no cashier, buttons, or other ways of letting the user communicate that they want to pay with Vipps.

> A merchant callback QR is given a `merchantQrId` that the merchant selects upon creation. Then, when the user scans the QR, a callback is sent to the merchant containing this `merchantQrId`. Thus, the merchant knows which QR code has been scanned and they can act accordingly, such as starting a payment towards the user.

Reviewer 2: `a callback is sent to the merchant containing this `merchantQrId' **and a 'sessionId'**`

Author: The sessionId is relevant in the webhooks documentation for the QrScannedEvent. Not so much here :)

Reviewer 2: Once we add it to webhook we can reference it here

> A Merchant callback QR is given a `merchantQrId` that the merchant is choosing upon creation. Then when the user scans the QR a callback is sent to the merchant containing this `merchantQrId`, so the merchant knows which QR code has been scanned and then can act accordingly. Most likely starting a payment towards the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A merchant callback QR is given a `merchantQrId` that the merchant selects upon creation. Then, when the user scans the QR, a callback is sent to the merchant containing this `merchantQrId`. Thus, the merchant knows which QR code has been scanned and they can act accordingly, such as starting a payment towards the user.
```

> Here is an overview of the parameters that are specific to the Merchant Callback QR API.

Reviewer: I think this should be "specific to the QR API", because I haven't heard of the "Merchant Callback QR API" or... is that something new?

Author: The Merchant callback QR Api is something new yea :)

| Parameter | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `merchantQrId` | Merchant defined parameter. Together with MerchantSerialNumber it uniquely identifies the QR code |
| `locationDescription` | A description of where the QR code will be used. It will be shown in the app when the user has scanned the QR code. |
| `qrImageUrl` | A link to the image containing the QR code |
| `qrContent` | The content of the QR code. It is the link that is embedded in the QR code. |

### How to create a Merchant Callback QR code

To create a Merchant Callback QR code the merchant needs to call the following endpoint [`PUT:/qr/v1/merchant-callback/{merchantQrId}`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/PutMerchantCallbackQr)

The endpoint takes the `merchantQrId` as a path parameter and requires a requestbody containing the `locationDescription` parameter.

An example body looks like this:

```json
{
  "locationDescription": "Kiosk"
}
```

> If the endpoint succeeds the QR code has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the endpoint succeeds, the QR code has been created.
```

**Please note:** The QR code will not be returned from the endpoint. Instead the merchant needs to call the dedicated [GET endpoints](#fetching-the-merchant-qr-codes) described below.

### How to update or delete a Merchant Callback QR code

> The QR code when is based on the `merchantQrId` and `merchantSerialNumber`. These properties will never change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The QR code is based on the `merchantQrId` and `merchantSerialNumber`. These properties will never change. 
```

So the only property that can be updated on a QR code is the `locationDescription`. To update that property the merchant simply has to call the same endpoint used for creating the QR code with the new `locationDescription` and then the QR code will be updated accordingly.

If a QR code is not needed anymore it is best practice to delete it. There are at least two reasons for that:

> * In case a user scans the QR code it will give an error to the user that says the QR code is not found. That is better than a user waiting not knowing that the QR code is not used anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a user scans the QR code, they will be informed that the QR code is not found. This is preferred to having the user waiting with no knowledge the QR code is no longer in use.
```

> * When the Merchant needs to print all QR codes for a particular `merchantSerialNumber` then QR codes that are not in use will not be printed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the merchant needs to print all QR codes for a particular `merchantSerialNumber`, then QR codes that are not in use will not be printed.
```

To delete a QR code the merchant will simply have to call the endpoint [`DELETE:/qr/v1/merchant-callback/{merchantQrId}`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/DeleteMerchantCallbackQr).

### Fetching the Merchant QR codes

There are two endpoints for fetching created QR codes. One for getting one specific QR code and one for fetching all QR codes belonging to a `merchantSerialNumber`.

> Common for both endpoints is the possibility to choose the format of the image returned, as well at the size of the QR code. These properties are defined by an `Accept` and `Size` header respectively. These are described [here](#accept-headers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common for both endpoints is the possibility to choose the format of the image returned, as well at the size of the QR code. These properties are defined by an `Accept` and `Size` header respectively. These are described [here](#accept-headers).
```

> To fetch a single QR code the merchant has to call the endpoint: [`GET:/qr/v1/merchant-callback/{merchantQrId}`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/GetMerchantCallbackById).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch a single QR code, the merchant has to call the endpoint: [`GET:/qr/v1/merchant-callback/{merchantQrId}`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/GetMerchantCallbackById).
```

An example of the response from the GET endpoint looks like this:

```json
{
  "merchantSerialNumber": "12345",
  "merchantQrId": "27072f82-c4b6-49cd-9838-10f21d87496e",
  "locationDescription": "Kiosk",
  "qrImageUrl": "https://qr.vipps.no/generate/qr.png?...",
  "qrContent": "https://qr.vipps.no/..."
}
```

Now the QR code image can be printed, or accessed directly from the device that faces the customer. The image is located at the `qrImageUrl`.

> To fetch all QR codes belonging to a `merchantSerialNumber` the merchant needs to call the endpoint: [`GET:/qr/v1/merchant-callback`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/GetMerchantCallbackQrs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch all QR codes belonging to a `merchantSerialNumber`, the merchant needs to call the endpoint: [`GET:/qr/v1/merchant-callback`](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/qr#tag/Merchant-callback-QR/operation/GetMerchantCallbackQrs).
```
